You'll want to have a google account for this.
Create 2 new folders in Google Drive. One will
hold the input files for training and one will
hold the output files once training is complete.

Upload train.txt, val.txt, and
run_language_modeling.py into the input folder.

Then, open Google Colab and import
train_model.ipynb so that you can see the
notebook. Go to Runtime > change runtime type and
select GPU (this improves performance during
training). Then, run the first block, Google will
need to do some verification to allow Colab
access to your Drive. 

Once you complete that step, enter the name of
the input folder and the output folder you
created in the appropriate spots (marked by text
surrounded with <these>) in the second code
block. Then, simply run the second code block
and make sure your computer doesn't fall asleep
until the block has completed its work (note that
this may take up to 9 hours, so you should
probably adjust your computer's sleep settings
temporarily).

After this is done, you'll want to download all
the files in your output folder in Google Drive
and place them into a model directory
(bot/models/<new model name> should contain the
files). You are then ready to run the bot.
